Our project will have issues with security that we must address. Since it will be used to collect the data of many different users, 
it is important that this data is secured from malicious actors. We need to ensure that data is sent through secured, 
encrypted channels. We must be sure to avoid the usual vulnerabilities such as SQL injection. The data that we store 
should not compromise users’ privacy. For instance, we wouldn’t want to store a user’s private chat messages unencrypted. 
Also, there is a chance that when we test out this system, we’ll borrow some real world user data. It is important that we
handle this data carefully, being sure to not compromise anyone’s privacy by looking at something we shouldn’t look at or 
letting the data get leaked. This could be accomplished by asking the third party to omit password hashes from the data they 
give us, or even just have them not give us read access at all. We could give them our system, and then they could report
their results to us.

Along with security concerns there are ethical concerns with our project. One of the major aspects of our project 
is using real world data. If a malicious user was to get past our security they could potential use the data to
find out information about a person's location, daily patterns, phone numbers, emails, or some other information 
a person would want to keep private. This information could be used to hack a person's account or machine as well 
as finding them in the real world. Since there is potential for harm to happen to a person we as the programmers 
have an ethical responsibility to minimize the risk to the people whose data we use. This can be done by taking 
security concerns into account during the programming of this application, and to be careful about what data we
collect and to think about how each new piece of data could potential harm someone. Another measure that should
be taken is to make sure a person knows what data is being collecting, and that they have the right to delete there 
collected information at anytime. 

Diversity and culture will affect our project significantly. Since real world data is being used in our project we 
may encounter users from different countries, and regions. As we mine out patterns and unique behavior from the data
we will encounter different languages, different slang, and different customs. For example if we have data from people 
from New York and people from Los Angeles these users will have different slang and key words from the areas.
These variances occur due to the distance between the two areas limiting there interactions and splitting there
cultural similarities. These cultural divide only increases as we include different countries and different languages 
in our real world data. 

There are several legal guidelines that our project will have to follow. In the European Union, the General Data Protection
Regulation requires disclosure of what data will be collected, as well as allowing users to request copies or deletion
of the stored data. To satisfy these requirements, users will be required to agree to a license agreement that clearly 
states what data will be collected, as well as information about data requests. Any data requests received will be 
fulfilled by either an administrator or automated system. In addition, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act 
requires certain rules for the collection of use of data of children under the age of 13. To comply with these regulations,
any implementations of the software aimed at children will have details of what data will be collected from young users 
listed in the license agreement. In addition, a parent’s verifiable consent will be required in order for users under 13
to use the service. Once the data collected from children is no longer needed, such as after a set time period or when 
an account is deleted, the unneeded data will be deleted.
